hi to all and greedy x301 and we get
found for a new tutorial so south
early it consists of cracking terraria 1.2.2
what is the difference of work
1.2.2 to earlier versions this is
very simple it adds full said m of
new bios and new modes
So here is more crack it's hyper
simple throws in the description wants
put a link so the link there you
will take you here this terror she cracks
terraria 1.2.2 and to prove that it is
not bullshit but I clicked on it
I will download a dish it is when
even heavy enough for a short crack that
will take you on a folder like this
so that terra nothing you will have to
plot your office sdra folder here
so I was loaded crack djédja 100
euros it's okay we'll put them
here copy and replaced here is internet
if he wants to be tense and sometimes
ah ben there and so that it will create you
this folder is in but the most serious
it's a guy who's here so my
extreme keyboard
I do not leave you and so here is
this is exactly like them and therefore
after that it's super simple you do not
hold that terraria points were doing
the rest will make a server
besides the class will surely do
a tutorial on how to make a server
terrarium which Quebec will put I will put
the link in the video when this video
will be released how do you do it
just double click on it you do not
do not touch the guests a fair ta
answer is double click on terraria
point excess and that will open you
be careful so that opens you up
terror and air to show you that
it's 1.6.2 so that's
the loading screen
here he can here you can see 1.2.2
and the server
so as you are you noticed the
class is among us multiplayer
join then you can see
the ipemed way I could not come
you need access to the machine
1 2 3
so here we are sure then I just
wait for jesus only with two windows
So I'm here coltan
ok so we are sure terraria so there not
at all optimized so goes away that it does not
did not change like I'm going to
see I believe this animal is a
new so to say it works there is
the doors that and it works perfectly
well as well in as well as solo and
novelty especially they do not sell
wrong is that here you have a map
this map can be put on
the screen in very low opacity you
want to do either ok here it was it
a little bones very short and I hope that
it will serve more than one so benevit is
not to share the video for more than
benzema saw to like and to see
the 2nd place chain to the east has pleased all the
world